# SNHU-CS255-System-Design-Analysis

# Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The DriverPass project is a software that is being made as a better way for current student drivers to study for actual DMV exams. Driverpass found out that over 50% of people fail their exams on the first attempt. DriverPass wanted to create a program that allows for full account creations, taking up-to-date practice exams online, buying training packages, scheduling physical driving lessons, and also allow for online studying. 
# What did you do particularly well?
I feel that all of the diagrams that I made for the second project of the class were my best as they were the most detailed and thought out. I also feel that the class diagram especially is the best out of all solely due to the amount of detail it holds.
# If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I definitely feel that I could have reworked my requirements document a little bit as some areas are a bit lackluster when it comes to the amount of information written, and there are some areas that could use a bit of extra clarification.
# How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
I feel that I was able to interpret all of the needs best through the original interview and all of the technical requirements that were initially listed. Several use cases were created and thens ome of these were changed into actual diagrams to help give a better visualization on the process. It is essential to think about user needs when designing a system because of the amount of benefits it can lead to down the line. User satisfaction is paramount with a software like this, as the goal is to help people pass driver exams on their first attempts more often. If this is a success, this will lead to the massive gap in the market being filled (for a while) how it was mentioned in the original interview.
# How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
My initial approach to designing any software has always been to start with thinking of the functional requirements first and foremost as these are the basics of the project. Any non-functional stuff can then be adjusted around and removed as needed. I usually don't think of any techincal requirements until I have a decent vision of the final project and the actual scope of how much there will be. 
